AUTHORING.md, before:

# Authors guide

This guide is dedicated to authors contributing to the "EDIT Platform manuals".

## General publishing workflow

The manuals are written in markdown, a lightweight markup language for creating formatted text using a plain-text editor. All markdown files, screenshot images and illustrations are hosted at github in [cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual](https://github.com/cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual).

The markdown documents can converted by pandoc, an a universal document converter, to PDF files or other formats like eBook or HTML. For this conversion style templates can be applied to provide a consistent and appealing layout.

This conversion process has been automated. Once changes to the source documents are pushed to the github repository ([cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual](https://github.com/cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual)) the EDIT continuous integration server will pick up the changes to create new PDFs, which subsequently will be uploaded to the download section of the EDIT Platform: [https://cybertaxonomy.eu/download/platform/manual/](https://cybertaxonomy.eu/download/platform/manual/). This process should not take longer than 5 minutes so that the result of changes applied by an author are quickly made public.

The markdown documents can be edited in the github site, where new images also can be uploaded.

For a more comfortable editing experience you can use [Typora](https://www.typora.io/) a markdown WYSIWIG editor or the [**Atom**](https://atom.io/) Editor (see next chapter)

## Tools

For easily editing the platform manuals offline we recommend using two tools:

* Typora
* Atom editor

**Which one to choose?**

The Atom editor has the advantage of being a fully integrated solution of a markdown editor with preview and all tool required for working with the git repository.

Typora has no built in git support but impresses with a WYSIWYG markdown editor for the pandoc markdown syntax. The image scaling feature of the pandoc markdown ( e.g.: `![](./image.png){width="12.3cm"}`) is not supported so that it can be hard to stay on top of things when working with many images which are not sized perfectly.
The latter problem losing overview does not exist in Atom, since images are scaled correctly. Markdown code and preview can are shown side by side in Atom.

Typora is not open source and longer fee of charge.

Even if Typora seems to excel at first glance due to the WYSIWYG editor it falls behind Atom after a short time of working with both editors.  

### Typora

**NOTE:** Typora is no longer fee of charge. You only can get 15 days free trial. After that you need to purchase the application for $ 14.99.

**NOTE:** You may want to try the Atom editor fist! See next chapter.

Typora will support you while editing the manuals by providing an editable preview of the documents. The preview does not reproduce the resulting layout perfectly but you might find it much more comfortable than editing the plain markdown.

Since Typora has no built in git support, you may also want to install a user friendly git application like GitHub Desktop.

#### Installation and setup

Download the Typora for [https://www.typora.io/#windows](Windows), [Mac](https://www.typora.io/download/Typora.dmg) or [Linux](https://www.typora.io/#linux) and install the application.

It is highly recommended to adjust the setting before you start editing the EDIT Platform manual:

Open the *Preferences* via the main menu: *File > Preferences ...*:

**Appearance:**

![](./media/typora-prefs-appearance.png)


**Editor:**

![](./media/typora-prefs-editor.png)

**Image**

These settings are EXTREMELY IMPORTANT!!!

![](./media/typora-prefs-image.png)

**Editor:**

![](./media/typora-prefs-markdown.png)


#### Authoring in Typora

After opening a EDIT Manual markdown file like `./EDIT-Platform-Manual/Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor/Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor.md` you will see the document in the WYSIWIG editor in the right part of the application window and the **Overview** on the document structure in the left hand pane:

![](./media/typora-editing-overview.png)

The actual content is preceded by a document header (blue rectangle). In this header document metadata are defined as well as important configuration parameters for the final layout. This header must not be modified expect you exactly know what you are doing.

##### Images

Images for a specific manual like `Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor` need to be stored in the according `./media/`-sub-folder and are references in the markdown by the relative file path: `![](./media/my-image.png){width="10cm"}`. Therefor it is important to configure Typora so that it always uses this relative path (see above).
The `width` property in curly brackets can be used to scale the image to a fixed with (e.g.: `{width="10cm"}`) or relative to the page width (`{width="33%"}`).

**IMPORTANT**

* **YOU NEVER MUST USE** the **zoom image** function as this will transform  markdown images `![]()` to html images `<img ...>` which will not work in our setup. (This will maybe improved in future, see https://github.com/typora/typora-issues/issues/249)

### GitHub Desktop

GitHub Desktop makes it easy to commit and push your changes to GitHub and to keep track of the modifications that have been applied by others.

[GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) for runs on Winows and Mac OS. The Windows edition can be downloaded from [https://central.github.com/deployments/desktop/desktop/latest/win32](https://central.github.com/deployments/desktop/desktop/latest/win32).

The process of installing GitHub Desktop and git, as well as setting up a GitHub account is described in [Setting up GitHub Desktop](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/installing-and-authenticating-to-github-desktop/setting-up-github-desktop).  

For working with GitHub Desktop the documentation on [Committing and reviewing changes to your project](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/making-changes-in-a-branch/committing-and-reviewing-changes-to-your-project) and [Pushing changes to GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/making-changes-in-a-branch/pushing-changes-to-github) should be sufficient to get started.

## Atom editor

![](media/41dd01d1.png)

Atom is a free and open-source editor for Mac OS, Linux, and Microsoft Windows with support for plug-ins. It is highly customizable and can be adapted to as very user friendly  Markdown Editor.

### Installation and setup

The Installation and setup procedure involved three steps.

At first, we will download the editor and configure it using the **sync-settings** plugin. The presets are stored in a gist : [https://gist.github.com/akohlbecker/25324d74e342f66c8536d9e09e6ed183](https://gist.github.com/akohlbecker/25324d74e342f66c8536d9e09e6ed183) from where the plugin will fetch definitions on required plugins and sensible default settings.

Finally the *EDIT-Platform-Manual* project will be cloned to your local file system, so that you can start editing.

#### 1. Download and install Atom

Download from https://atom.io/ and install the application as usually on your operation system.

#### 2. Install plugins and setup the editor

Start the editor and click on "Install a Package" in the right pane below "Get to know Atom", or press the keyboard shortcut `CTRL ,` to open settings page.
Click on *Install* and enter "**sync-settings**" in the search field and install this package by clicking on the blue *Install* button.

![](./media/atom-settings-install.png)

Once the package is installed: Click on Settings or Package Settings:

![](./media/atom-settings-sync-restore-command-palette.png)

Enter the following Gist ID `25324d74e342f66c8536d9e09e6ed183` in the settings form:

![](./media/atom-settings-sync-settings.png)

Now you are prepared to import the settings from the Gist. Open the command palette with the key combination `CTRL SHIFT p`, enter "sync" and click on  "Sync Settings: Restore"

![](./media/atom-settings-sync-restore-command-palette.png)

Now you should be ready to get started with editing. All required plugins should be installed and configured

#### 2. Clone the EDIT-Platform-Manual project

**Requirements:** You need a GitHub account. In case you don't have an Account at GitHub yet, it is time to sign [up now](https://github.com/signup):

Press `Ctrl+Shift+8` to open the GitHub tab and follow the instructions to enter the authentication token. **Note**: Once you are on the github page to "Authorize Atom GitHub package" you need to make sure **cybertaxonomy** is checked in the **Organization access** section!

Now the github tab offers the option to clone a github repository:

![](./media/atom-github-clone.png)

Click on "Clone existing repository and enter `https://github.com/cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual.git` in the "Clone from" field in the following dialog.
You may also want to change the "To directory" path, to let Atom clone the repository to a folder of your choice.

![](./media/atom-github-clone.png)

Now click "Clone" and the content of the EDIT-Platform-Manual project tree should appear in the left hand "Project" pane:

![](./media/atom-project-pane.png)

You are ready to start editing now.

### Editing pandoc markdown with Atom

The individual manuals are in the sub folders prefixed with `Manual-EDIT-Platform-`. Open the manual folder you want to work on and double-click the markdown file (`*.md`). The file will open in the central editor and a set of buttons for working with markdown documents show up in the toolbar. Clicking the "Markdown preview" button (as shown in the screenshot below) will toggle the preview, to the right of the editor (alternatively you can use the command palette: `CTRL SHIFT P` > "markdown-preview")

![](./media/atom-toolbar-commands-1.png)

Above screenshot depicts other useful commands in the toolbar that help managing the editor UI:

* "Toggle git tab"
* "Toggle document outline"
* "Synchronize markdown preview"
* "Toggle markdown preview"

An Atom editor equipped with the [Markdown-Writer for Atom](https://github.com/zhuochun/md-writer) plugin makes it easy to work with markdown documents, since it adds tons of features.
Essential commands are available in toolbar provided by the [Toolbar for Markdown-Writer](https://github.com/zhuochun/tool-bar-md-writer). This toolbar makes common markdown syntax elements accessible by a simple click or dialog, so that it is not needed to consult the [Official Pandoc markdown syntax](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#pandocs-markdown), even for  the unexperienced author:

![](media/AUTHORING-a456babe.png)

### Writing documents in Pandoc markdown

Reference documentation:

* [Official Pandoc markdown syntax](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#pandocs-markdown)

Pandoc markdown is almost 100% compliant to other well known markdown flavors, but also extends the standard markdown syntax by crucial feature that are important for scientific writing. This includes capabilities to express layout rules for images, citations, etc.

#### Images

Images for a specific manual like `Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor` need to be stored in the according `./media/`-sub-folder and are references in the markdown by the relative file path: `![](./media/my-image.png){width="10cm"}`.

The syntax for adding images in markdown will add an image in full size either inline in the text flow ...

~~~
An image ![Image caption](image-file.jpg) in the text flow
~~~

or as new paragraph:

~~~
A new image paragraph

![Image alt text](image-file.jpg)
~~~

Pandoc markdown allows to resize images. The `width` property in curly brackets can be used to scale the image to a fixed with (e.g.: `{width="10cm"}`) or relative to the page width (`{width="33%"}`).

~~~
![An image proportionally scaled to 50px width](image-file.jpg){witdh=50px}

![An image proportionally scaled to 1/3 of the page with](image-file.jpg){witdh=33%}
~~~

More advanced positioning of images can be achieved by making use of "[pandoc wrapfig](pnadoc-filters/pandoc-wrapfig-master/README.md)". This pandoc filter extends the pandoc syntax by the option. This image for example is scaled to a width of 5cm and right aligned  ![{r0cm}](./media/bgbm_gewaechshaeuser_0.jpg){width="5cm"}. It is wrapped by the text in which it is placed and the words are flowing nicely around it. Unfortunately this is not (yet?) visible in the Atom editor preview, since "pandoc wrapfig" support has not yet been configured. Andvanced pandoc filters like "pandoc wrapfig" are only applied when the final document is being rendered.

**Images can be added by the following ways:**

1. Enter the image markdown syntax manually
1. Copy an Image to the clipboard and paste in to the markdown script. The Image will automatically be saved in the `./media` sub-folder relative to the document.
2. Drag an image from your system file explorer to the markdown script. The Image will copied to the `./media` sub-folder relative to the document.

**Note**: The above image copy, save and naming schema can be changed in the "Markdown Image Assistant" settings.

Images can be added by using this toolbar button ![](media/AUTHORING-5e41e745.png), the dialog that will open up. Even if this dialog is offering field for "Width", "Height", and "Alignment", entered values are not applied - Reason unknown.

### Comitting and pushing your changes


Open the "Git view" either via the toolbar or by pressing `Ctrl+Shift+9`

Commit message:

doc on git pull and push

AUTHORING.md, after:

# Authors guide

This guide is dedicated to authors contributing to the "EDIT Platform manuals".

## General publishing workflow

The manuals are written in markdown, a lightweight markup language for creating formatted text using a plain-text editor. All markdown files, screenshot images and illustrations are hosted at github in [cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual](https://github.com/cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual).

The markdown documents can converted by pandoc, an a universal document converter, to PDF files or other formats like eBook or HTML. For this conversion style templates can be applied to provide a consistent and appealing layout.

This conversion process has been automated. Once changes to the source documents are pushed to the github repository ([cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual](https://github.com/cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual)) the EDIT continuous integration server will pick up the changes to create new PDFs, which subsequently will be uploaded to the download section of the EDIT Platform: [https://cybertaxonomy.eu/download/platform/manual/](https://cybertaxonomy.eu/download/platform/manual/). This process should not take longer than 5 minutes so that the result of changes applied by an author are quickly made public.

The markdown documents can be edited in the github site, where new images also can be uploaded.

For a more comfortable editing experience you can use [Typora](https://www.typora.io/) a markdown WYSIWIG editor or the [**Atom**](https://atom.io/) Editor (see next chapter)

## Tools

For easily editing the platform manuals offline we recommend using two tools:

* Typora
* Atom editor

**Which one to choose?**

The Atom editor has the advantage of being a fully integrated solution of a markdown editor with preview and all tool required for working with the git repository.

Typora has no built in git support but impresses with a WYSIWYG markdown editor for the pandoc markdown syntax. The image scaling feature of the pandoc markdown ( e.g.: `![](./image.png){width="12.3cm"}`) is not supported so that it can be hard to stay on top of things when working with many images which are not sized perfectly.
The latter problem losing overview does not exist in Atom, since images are scaled correctly. Markdown code and preview can are shown side by side in Atom.

Typora is not open source and longer fee of charge.

Even if Typora seems to excel at first glance due to the WYSIWYG editor it falls behind Atom after a short time of working with both editors.  

### Typora

**NOTE:** Typora is no longer fee of charge. You only can get 15 days free trial. After that you need to purchase the application for $ 14.99.

**NOTE:** You may want to try the Atom editor fist! See next chapter.

Typora will support you while editing the manuals by providing an editable preview of the documents. The preview does not reproduce the resulting layout perfectly but you might find it much more comfortable than editing the plain markdown.

Since Typora has no built in git support, you may also want to install a user friendly git application like GitHub Desktop.

#### Installation and setup

Download the Typora for [https://www.typora.io/#windows](Windows), [Mac](https://www.typora.io/download/Typora.dmg) or [Linux](https://www.typora.io/#linux) and install the application.

It is highly recommended to adjust the setting before you start editing the EDIT Platform manual:

Open the *Preferences* via the main menu: *File > Preferences ...*:

**Appearance:**

![](./media/typora-prefs-appearance.png)


**Editor:**

![](./media/typora-prefs-editor.png)

**Image**

These settings are EXTREMELY IMPORTANT!!!

![](./media/typora-prefs-image.png)

**Editor:**

![](./media/typora-prefs-markdown.png)


#### Authoring in Typora

After opening a EDIT Manual markdown file like `./EDIT-Platform-Manual/Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor/Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor.md` you will see the document in the WYSIWIG editor in the right part of the application window and the **Overview** on the document structure in the left hand pane:

![](./media/typora-editing-overview.png)

The actual content is preceded by a document header (blue rectangle). In this header document metadata are defined as well as important configuration parameters for the final layout. This header must not be modified expect you exactly know what you are doing.

##### Images

Images for a specific manual like `Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor` need to be stored in the according `./media/`-sub-folder and are references in the markdown by the relative file path: `![](./media/my-image.png){width="10cm"}`. Therefor it is important to configure Typora so that it always uses this relative path (see above).
The `width` property in curly brackets can be used to scale the image to a fixed with (e.g.: `{width="10cm"}`) or relative to the page width (`{width="33%"}`).

**IMPORTANT**

* **YOU NEVER MUST USE** the **zoom image** function as this will transform  markdown images `![]()` to html images `<img ...>` which will not work in our setup. (This will maybe improved in future, see https://github.com/typora/typora-issues/issues/249)

### GitHub Desktop

GitHub Desktop makes it easy to commit and push your changes to GitHub and to keep track of the modifications that have been applied by others.

[GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) for runs on Winows and Mac OS. The Windows edition can be downloaded from [https://central.github.com/deployments/desktop/desktop/latest/win32](https://central.github.com/deployments/desktop/desktop/latest/win32).

The process of installing GitHub Desktop and git, as well as setting up a GitHub account is described in [Setting up GitHub Desktop](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/installing-and-authenticating-to-github-desktop/setting-up-github-desktop).  

For working with GitHub Desktop the documentation on [Committing and reviewing changes to your project](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/making-changes-in-a-branch/committing-and-reviewing-changes-to-your-project) and [Pushing changes to GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/making-changes-in-a-branch/pushing-changes-to-github) should be sufficient to get started.

## Atom editor

![](media/41dd01d1.png)

Atom is a free and open-source editor for Mac OS, Linux, and Microsoft Windows with support for plug-ins. It is highly customizable and can be adapted to as very user friendly  Markdown Editor.

### Installation and setup

The Installation and setup procedure involved three steps.

At first, we will download the editor and configure it using the **sync-settings** plugin. The presets are stored in a gist : [https://gist.github.com/akohlbecker/25324d74e342f66c8536d9e09e6ed183](https://gist.github.com/akohlbecker/25324d74e342f66c8536d9e09e6ed183) from where the plugin will fetch definitions on required plugins and sensible default settings.

Finally the *EDIT-Platform-Manual* project will be cloned to your local file system, so that you can start editing.

#### 1. Download and install Atom

Download from https://atom.io/ and install the application as usually on your operation system.

#### 2. Install plugins and setup the editor

Start the editor and click on "Install a Package" in the right pane below "Get to know Atom", or press the keyboard shortcut `CTRL ,` to open settings page.
Click on *Install* and enter "**sync-settings**" in the search field and install this package by clicking on the blue *Install* button.

![](./media/atom-settings-install.png)

Once the package is installed: Click on Settings or Package Settings:

![](./media/atom-settings-sync-restore-command-palette.png)

Enter the following Gist ID `25324d74e342f66c8536d9e09e6ed183` in the settings form:

![](./media/atom-settings-sync-settings.png)

Now you are prepared to import the settings from the Gist. Open the command palette with the key combination `CTRL SHIFT p`, enter "sync" and click on  "Sync Settings: Restore"

![](./media/atom-settings-sync-restore-command-palette.png)

Now you should be ready to get started with editing. All required plugins should be installed and configured

#### 2. Clone the EDIT-Platform-Manual project

**Requirements:** You need a GitHub account. In case you don't have an Account at GitHub yet, it is time to sign [up now](https://github.com/signup):

Press `Ctrl+Shift+8` to open the GitHub tab and follow the instructions to enter the authentication token. **Note**: Once you are on the github page to "Authorize Atom GitHub package" you need to make sure **cybertaxonomy** is checked in the **Organization access** section!

Now the github tab offers the option to clone a github repository:

![](./media/atom-github-clone.png)

Click on "Clone existing repository and enter `https://github.com/cybertaxonomy/EDIT-Platform-Manual.git` in the "Clone from" field in the following dialog.
You may also want to change the "To directory" path, to let Atom clone the repository to a folder of your choice.

![](./media/atom-github-clone.png)

Now click "Clone" and the content of the EDIT-Platform-Manual project tree should appear in the left hand "Project" pane:

![](./media/atom-project-pane.png)

You are ready to start editing now.

### Editing pandoc markdown with Atom

The individual manuals are in the sub folders prefixed with `Manual-EDIT-Platform-`. Open the manual folder you want to work on and double-click the markdown file (`*.md`). The file will open in the central editor and a set of buttons for working with markdown documents show up in the toolbar. Clicking the "Markdown preview" button (as shown in the screenshot below) will toggle the preview, to the right of the editor (alternatively you can use the command palette: `CTRL SHIFT P` > "markdown-preview")

![](./media/atom-toolbar-commands-1.png)

Above screenshot depicts other useful commands in the toolbar that help managing the editor UI:

* "Toggle git tab"
* "Toggle document outline"
* "Synchronize markdown preview"
* "Toggle markdown preview"

An Atom editor equipped with the [Markdown-Writer for Atom](https://github.com/zhuochun/md-writer) plugin makes it easy to work with markdown documents, since it adds tons of features.
Essential commands are available in toolbar provided by the [Toolbar for Markdown-Writer](https://github.com/zhuochun/tool-bar-md-writer). This toolbar makes common markdown syntax elements accessible by a simple click or dialog, so that it is not needed to consult the [Official Pandoc markdown syntax](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#pandocs-markdown), even for  the unexperienced author:

![](media/AUTHORING-a456babe.png)

### Writing documents in Pandoc markdown

Reference documentation:

* [Official Pandoc markdown syntax](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#pandocs-markdown)

Pandoc markdown is almost 100% compliant to other well known markdown flavors, but also extends the standard markdown syntax by crucial feature that are important for scientific writing. This includes capabilities to express layout rules for images, citations, etc.

#### Images

Images for a specific manual like `Manual-EDIT-Platform-04-Working-with-the-TaxEditor` need to be stored in the according `./media/`-sub-folder and are references in the markdown by the relative file path: `![](./media/my-image.png){width="10cm"}`.

The syntax for adding images in markdown will add an image in full size either inline in the text flow ...

~~~
An image ![Image caption](image-file.jpg) in the text flow
~~~

or as new paragraph:

~~~
A new image paragraph

![Image alt text](image-file.jpg)
~~~

Pandoc markdown allows to resize images. The `width` property in curly brackets can be used to scale the image to a fixed with (e.g.: `{width="10cm"}`) or relative to the page width (`{width="33%"}`).

~~~
![An image proportionally scaled to 50px width](image-file.jpg){witdh=50px}

![An image proportionally scaled to 1/3 of the page with](image-file.jpg){witdh=33%}
~~~

More advanced positioning of images can be achieved by making use of "[pandoc wrapfig](pnadoc-filters/pandoc-wrapfig-master/README.md)". This pandoc filter extends the pandoc syntax by the option. This image for example is scaled to a width of 5cm and right aligned  ![{r0cm}](./media/bgbm_gewaechshaeuser_0.jpg){width="5cm"}. It is wrapped by the text in which it is placed and the words are flowing nicely around it. Unfortunately this is not (yet?) visible in the Atom editor preview, since "pandoc wrapfig" support has not yet been configured. Andvanced pandoc filters like "pandoc wrapfig" are only applied when the final document is being rendered.

**Images can be added by the following ways:**

1. Enter the image markdown syntax manually
1. Copy an Image to the clipboard and paste in to the markdown script. The Image will automatically be saved in the `./media` sub-folder relative to the document.
2. Drag an image from your system file explorer to the markdown script. The Image will copied to the `./media` sub-folder relative to the document.

**Note**: The above image copy, save and naming schema can be changed in the "Markdown Image Assistant" settings.

Images can be added by using this toolbar button ![](media/AUTHORING-5e41e745.png), the dialog that will open up. Even if this dialog is offering field for "Width", "Height", and "Alignment", entered values are not applied - Reason unknown.

### Committing and pushing your changes


Open the "Git Tab" either via the toolbar or by pressing `Ctrl+Shift+9`.

The "Git Tab" will show all modified, added or removed files in the "Unstaged Changes" pane:

![](media/01fd0c72.png)

1. To **stage** your changes, click on "Stage All"
2. Enter a commit message to briefly describe your changes
3. **Commit** the changes to main

Now your local clone of the git repository has been updated. As last step you now need to **push** your changes to the remote repository at github, which is the reference repository in our workflow.

![](media/79756ad0.png)

The git history log shows all commits which have not yet been pushed with an "Undo" button. To push these Changes  

4. Click on "Push" in the footer bar. The number to the right of the button label indicates how many commits will be pushed.

However, if someone else intermittently has pushed changes to the git repository the push action will fail with the following message:

![](media/2340f4fe.png)

Even if the dialog mentions the option to **force push, you should never do so!!!!**

**NOTE:** Force push will overwrite the changes of others!

![](media/067408c9.png)

Click again on the same button, which now has changed its label to ""**pull**""
